DOCS-4069: Clarify module upload version restrictions for same architecture (#4384)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/tools/cli.md

The `--version` argument accepts a valid [semver 2.0](https://semver.org/) version (example: `1.0.0`).
You set an initial version for your custom module with your first `viam module upload` command for that module, and can later increment the version with subsequent `viam module upload` commands.

{{% alert title="Important" color="note" %}}

> You cannot upload two files for the same architecture with the same version number.
> You must increment to a new version number, even if you delete a previous version.

Reviewer: [s] rephrase from negative 'cannot' to positive 'can'. switch from technically-incorrect 'two' term (technically, you _cannot upload more than one_, but that's wordy as hell).

```suggestion
Each architecture distribution for a given version of a module is immutable.
You can delete the version, but you can never change an uploaded architecture distribution.
To update your module, increment to a new version number.
```

Sidenote: right now we overload the term 'version' to refer to both:
- numbered releases of a module
- the artifacts uploaded for each architecture

Most package managers, etc would refer to the per-architecture artifacts as distributions. I suggest we do the same here, and potentially above (change 'version' in the following sentence to 'distribution'):

```
For example, if you upload your module with support for `any/amd64` and then also upload with support for `linux/amd64`, a machine running the `linux/amd64` architecture deploys the `linux/amd64` version, while a machine running the `darwin/amd64` architecture deploys the `any/amd64` version.
```

It would probably be worthwhile to do the same on the rest of this page, and potentially add the term 'distribution' to the glossary or at least define it on this page as well. Otherwise we'll be stuck mucking about with ambiguity every time we want to refer to this concept! If that's too much scope creep, feel free to create a ticket and assign me -- I have a pretty good notion of how to handle it.
